# Week 5

> Alone or with a partner, come up with a p5.js sketch that prompts the user for some sort of input using their natural language - and then uses the input in a meaningful and creative way. Use the [Prompting sketch](https://editor.p5js.org/gohai/sketches/jfS_y9u63) as a starting point. (An example could be asking users how they felt, and using ChatGPT to “understand” and classify the free text input. And then use this to generate related visuals, or similar.
> 

Me and Denny created a small meditation application. The application will generate a paragraph of mental therapy text, based on the input by the user. Then it will play the music and picture accordingly as a part of the therapy. 

[https://editor.p5js.org/WangZhewei1027/sketches/hy_xuamoT](https://editor.p5js.org/WangZhewei1027/sketches/hy_xuamoT)

> What could be a second, more ambitious version of the same project (or a different idea) that you wouldn’t know how to tackle (yet)?
> 

My idea is that the AI can continue the conversation with the patient. And not only select the music and pictures from the files I upload, it can also search for proper music and pictures online by itself. Furthermore, maybe it can connect to other AI like mid-journey to generate tailored pictures for the patient, in order to provide customized therapy. 

> Come up with 3-5 questions about anything relating to week 5’s content? (WebAPIs, how to use ChatGPT etc)
> 

1. Is there any way to provide the context to ChatGPT when using web API? Like when using the web version, the ChatGPT will memorize the conversation context and respond accordingly. When using API, is there any way to keep the context?
2. Also when using API, how to save the parameters for the next conversation? I may want to keep ChatGPT acting like how it did last time, is there any way to save these parameters, and not have to set up the context again from the beginning next time?
3. And about the parameters of AI, like temperature, what if I want AI to generate a longer paragraph? Is there any parameters I can set for the length of the text?